“Busted!” he said, and flashed me an uninterpretable grin.
 
“Not half as busted as your asshole if you can sit on that thing,” I replied, hoping some humor would defuse the situation.
 
“Sometimes man, I just need to feel my ass being stretched, just need to be fucked.” With that he turned and walked towards his bedroom. Dimly aware that Reb had just uttered an invitation, I followed him, my eyes glued to his sinewy buttocks as he made his way across the landing to his room. Climbing onto the large, double bed he shared with his girlfriend Becca he got onto his hands and knees, his glowing brown butt and dark, black-brown asshole twitching up in the air. I realized then that he was waiting to be plugged — my “straight” friend was inviting me, practically begging me, to fuck him. The whole scenario was incredibly horny. becca had already left for lectures and several of her bras and pairs of panties littered Reb’s rather untidy room. The thought that I was about to get it on with Reb on the very bed where hours earlier he had been lustily fucking his sexy girlfriend made me even harder.
 
The room was full of sexual paraphernalia - a vibrator, two butt plugs, tubes of lube, anal beads and porn mags. On the TV I noticed a video was playing — a bisexual porn flick — on the screen a massively hung man was shoving his cock hard up the asshole of another man while a woman watched them, pinching her nipples and frigging her slippery cunt. Then on the floor near the bed I noticed something else; a strap on dildo. becca had been fucking Reb! I could see it all in my mind now — Eric on his hands and knees, shuddering and panting as becca fucked his ass with her fake rubber cock, her huge tits wobbling as she humped his shitter.
 
Resting his head and shoulders on the bed, Reb reached back to spread his taut buns, tracing the puckered rim of his hairy shithole and poking his fingertip into his funky hole. Kneeling behind him I lowered my face to his ass, hearing his breathing get ever more ragged as I got nearer to his behind, then poked my tongue into the wrinkled core of his anus and began to rim him.
 
“Oh fuck yeh!” he moaned, spreading his butt cheeks as wide apart as he could, “Tongue my hole. Oh shit Dylan, I gotta feel your tongue up my shitter — lick my fucking man-hole.” Reb’s asshole was still pliable after having taken the rubber dong and I managed to stick my tongue a long way up his behind as all the time he thrust his buttocks back against my face, grinding his shithole against my probing tongue.
 
“Now,” he said suddenly. “Come on Vodka, you gotta fuck me. I have to feel that big dick filling my pussy.” It sounded weird and rather too “gay” to hear Reb refer to his asshole as his “pussy”, but then I reflected as we were probably about to have what most people would call “gay sex”, so perhaps I shouldn’t have been too surprised.
 
Squirting a dollop of KY onto my prick, I pressed my bell-end into the center of his brown starfish and pushed, surprised at the ease with which my cock penetrated his shit-tube. And once he had the dick up his man-hole, he seemed to go crazy. He bucked and reared and shoved his buttcheeks against my groin, trying to cram even more meat into his shitter. My mind was being fucked with — here was I having my first gay sex, and I was loving it, fucking my best bro hard up the ass. I reached around to his groin, and instead of dipping my fingers into a soft, wet pussy, I grasped a cock; a big, fat, hard cock. It was an epiphany: I suddenly realized that, as everyone has an asshole, everybody was innately fuckable. Everyone was capable of being fucked. Even me.
 
My girlfriend at the time, a leggy blonde called Caroline, was not averse to frequent bouts of energetic buggery but insisted upon preparing her back-passage with enemas to make sure she was perfectly “clean”. This lewd act of buggery between me and Reb couldn’t have been more different. Reb’s hairy shithole had tasted sweaty and funky, quite unlike Caroline’s cringing pinky pucker, and deep in his bowels I could feel my bell-end butt against the tip of a turd. To add to my already considerably heightened state of horniness Reb began to fantasize out loud about a foursome we might have: me, him, his girlfriend becca and my girlfriend Caroline.
 
“We gotta do this again man,” he panted, as I continued to slam my painfully hard dick into his ass, “I want you to fuck me while I do Becky up the shitter. Oh man, your big dick up my ass and mine up hers!”
 
“Oh yeh!” I gasped, fucking him even harder as I imagined the scene.
 
“Yeh. You fucking me, me fucking her and her licking out Caroline’s snatch, mmmmm, or Becky sucking my cum out of your bird’s asshole. Fuck yes!”
 
Fuck yes indeed. It was almost too hot to contemplate; Reb sodomizing Caroline’s tender ass as I watched, licking his big floppy balls as they slapped against Caroline’s pussy, tonguing his furry man-cunt as he fucked my girl and pumped a load up into her rectum. Then Becky and Caroline kissing, fondling one another’s breasts, fingering their slimy pussies, finally tonguing one another’s anuses, each tasting their own boyfriend’s cum as it dribbled and belched from the freshly-fucked shit-tunnel of the other. And all this as their boyfriends fucked on the bed next to them. It was too much. Before I knew what was happening I felt my balls tighten and I shot a hefty load of cum up Reb’s clasping shit-tunnel.
 
I may have come, but I wasn’t finished. Reb hadn’t come yet so now it was my turn. I swung around and bent over. Grabbing my buttcheeks I spread them apart, giving Eric a clear view of my hairy, virgin shit-ring. I looked over my shoulder and saw Reb’s eyes, glazed with lust, staring hotly at my puckering asshole. He reached between his legs and stuck two fingers up his own just fucked asshole, lubing them with KY and my spunk. Almost immediately I felt his slippery fingertips playing with my rubbery quoit, his fat middle finger pushing insistently the wrinkled core of my anus.
 
I heard him spit and felt a big gob of saliva land on my straining butthole. I pushed my ring outwards and felt his finger slip into the warm cavern of my shitter. But immediately I remembered something else — that I had been going to the bathroom for a dump when I had found Reb’s dildo — there was still a big log of shit up my ass that needed to come out. And Reb had found it two with the two fingers with which he was now plugging my full backside.
 
“Oh yeah, Vodka! That’s a dirty butthole you got there. I can feel your shit between my fingers, man. You have to have a dump don’t you?” he said. His voice had a harsh, dirty quality to it and I knew he was as turned on as I was at the sick, fetishistic world we were about to enter together. “Let me see you dump, Dylan. Come on, I want to see you dump a really fucking massive log of shit.” Without warning a brief, warm stream of piss splashed down my hairy buttcrack, over my flaring asshole and dripping off of my balls onto the ground. “Open that hole up for me, V! Show me some turd so I can piss on it!”
 
“Oh fuck!” I groaned, pressing my face against the sheets.
 
“Shit for me, Vodka! I want to see that big fat turd hanging out of your cunt!” I felt so nasty in that position with my buttcheeks pulled wide apart, my asshole gaping with the tip of turd poking out of it and piss dripping off of my balls.
 
“Looks good, man!” Reb cried, as the thick, knotty turd began to emerge. “Good enough to eat!” Surely he couldn’t be about to … could he? But as I felt the last spurts of Reb’s piss hit around my gaping anal ring, looking over my shoulder I saw Reb drop to his knees behind me. I could feel his warm breath on my ass.
 
“Fucking hot, dirty asshole!” Reb whispered. “Come on, Dylan! Push it out into my mouth. I gave you my piss. Now you give me your shit!”
 
“Oh fuck!” I moaned.
 
“Yeah. I’m gonna fuck you, baby! While I eat your shit!” I grunted as I pushed out what felt to be a hefty log into Reb’s mouth.
 
“Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!” Eric moaned. As I glanced back, Reb had about four inches of turd protruding from his mouth, the end of which he steadied with his fingers. I watched as he slid the brown, knotty log in and out of his mouth like some huge, obscene cock.
 
“Fuck Reb — you like to eat shit, don’t you?”
 
“Fucking tasty, man!” Reb sighed, popping the log out of his mouth. “I love shit, Dyl! I love the way it smells and tastes. But I never had a guys turd before now!” Watching Reb bite into my turd and chew it up and swallow it, turned me on in a way I had never been turned on before. As the smell of my own shit wafted up my nostrils, my cock began to jerk wildly and felt harder than ever before.
 
I knew I had a scat fetish, but I’d never really explored it before. I’d fucked a few girls up the ass and felt shit up their passages, which had really turned me on. Also, a month or so earlier I had used the bathroom just after Caroline and as I inhaled the scent of her piss and shit I had felt my cock harden. Trembling I had lifted the seat of the toilet and seen that she had forgotten to flush, There in the bowl were two beautiful logs that had just dropped from the beautiful ass of my girlfriend minutes before. In a trance I hauled out my stiff cock and began to masturbate, imagining Caroline there before me, farting and straining as she laid a pile of steaming turds for me. Ahh imaginig her asshole twitch as she farted and pushed.. Within seconds I was coming, shooting ropes of boiling cum into the toilet, covering my lover’s dung with cum.
 
But I had never done this kind of thing before. Gone this far or been taken to this level of raunch. It was new. It was exciting and it was all so dirty. Seeing the lust in Reb’s eyes, his ecstasy as he ate my shit, only turned me on more and more. I reckoned that if I could allow my best mate to watch me take a dump and then watch him as he ate what I expelled from my asshole, then there was nothing left to hide. Here was true nakedness and the complete revelation of self.
 
“Fuck!” I moaned, into the sheets, taking my cock in my hand and masturbating, running my hand up and down my throbbing, piss soaked dick. My moans grew even deeper when Reb pressed his face into my filthy asscrack and began to rim my shitty hole, probing his tongue deep. I nearly shot my wad when he took the turd he still fondled in his hand and began jacking me off with it. I was delirious with lust and animal heat. Curling my hand, with his around my shaft, feeling the nasty warmth of my shit coating my dick as together we stroked my rock hard tool, I slid my dirty ass over Reb’s face.
 
“Fuck me, Reb! Fuck me!” I panted. “I want to feel your big cock pounding my cunt! There’s more shit up my ass for you, Reb. Fuck it out of me! Fuck me dirty!” Before I had even finished begging I felt Reb’s massive erection stretch open my hole and slide slowly into my guts.
As Reb’s dick filled me, I brought my filthy hand to my face. The stench of my asshole surged up my nostrils. In a burst of wanton lust I thrust my raunchy digits into my mouth and sucked. A bitter tang swirled in my mouth. This was what Reb was tasting as he pounded away at my asshole. I groaned at the taste of my own shit and the feeling of Reb’s cock slamming in and out, churning my filth, causing it to fart out of my fucked hole with wet, slurping sounds. I could feel his low hanging balls slapping against mine and the firmness with which he gripped my waist as he rode me hard and deep.
 
“Fucking hot manpussy!” Reb bellowed. “Dirty, shitty fuck!”
 
“Dick that dirty pussy, man! Pound my fucking ass! Fuck the shit out of me, Reb!” My hand was flying up and down my cock. My balls were churning and tightening up. I knew that my second come wasn’t far off. I could tell by Reb’s rapid breaths that he too was near ejaculation.
 
“Harder! Harder, Reb!” I yelled. “Plough that ass! Rape my shitty hole, fucker! Make me cum!” I took my hand off my cock. I bucked my ass back to meet his every pounding thrust. I wanted Reb to make me cum. My cock jerked and thrashed about wildly. I needed to cum bad. But not by my hand but from Reb’s cock.
 
“Fucking the shit out of you, man!” Reb hollered. “Gonna fucking …”
 
“Aaarrrggghhh! Fuck! Fuck!” the two of us yelled, in unison, my dick spooging onto the bed and Reb’s cock spasming up my arse.
 
“fucking your shitty hole, Dylan, you dirty cunt!”
 
“Yeah! Yeah! Shoot that load, Reb!” I cried, impaling myself to the hilt upon Reb’s dick.
 
“Oh shit! Shit! Shit!” Reb moaned, collapsing onto me. 
